Raul Hernandez
Codepath CYB 101
Unit 1 Assignment 
August 23, 2023
Unit: 1 Assignment 


Question 1:
You are facilitating a group of 5 students, and 1 student never participates. You ask after class how you can help. The student shares that they are very far behind, and don't know how to keep up because everyone talks so fast. 
How would you structure the next session to support this student?

Understanding that every student learns at a different pace and may have trouble keeping up at the same rate as other students is one thing I would keep in mind to help support my students as best as I can. 
If approached with concerns about class structure or having trouble participating because of how far behind the student is, I would structure the next class as a review of all the topics we've learned so far with follow-up questions to ensure the pace and knowledge are accepted by all students. 
In addition, I would do my best to give everyone a chance to speak and answer questions I may have asked in class and ensure that all students have a good understanding of what it is we are talking about that day. 
I would follow up with that specific student after class to ensure they feel more comfortable with the pace of the course and answer any further questions they may have. 

Question 2:
You are facilitating a group of three students. Two of the students speak up for the majority of the time. They seem to enjoy engaging with one another, and with the group. 
One of the students comes to you after class one day, and shares that they want to participate more, but feel like when they try to do so, they get cut off or talked over. 
How would you support all of your students toward more equal participation in the next session?

In this type of case, in the next session, I would start the class by going over material and asking questions but rather than letting the two students take control and begin talking to one another, I would make efforts to include every student and ask questions to all the students to ensure I get all their input and all the students feel heard in the class. 
If the 2 students were to continue to engage in conversation with one another and leave the third student out, I would step in to ensure that any input that student has to provide is heard so that they can engage with the rest of the students and feel heard in the group. 
